Add instructions for Logfire SDK (#453)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/integrations/logfire.md

![DBOS Logs and Traces on Logfire](./assets/logfire-screenshot.png)

## Configure DBOS with Logfire SDK

> If you're using the Logfire SDK (currently only support Python), set the `LOGFIRE_TOKEN` environment variable to your write token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Logfire SDK (currently only supported in Python), set the `LOGFIRE_TOKEN` environment variable to your write token:
```

```shell
export LOGFIRE_TOKEN='your-write-token'
```

:::tip

If you're deploying your app on DBOS Cloud, make sure to set `LOGFIRE_TOKEN` in your application's [environment variables](../production/dbos-cloud/secrets).

:::

> Then, configure your DBOS application to use Logfire and enable OpenTelemetry traces. You don't need to set `otlp_traces_endpoints` or `otlp_logs_endpoints`, because Logfire SDK already automatically sets up exporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, configure your DBOS application to use Logfire and enable OpenTelemetry traces. You don't need to set `otlp_traces_endpoints` or `otlp_logs_endpoints`, because the Logfire SDK automatically configures exporters.
```
